content/tournaments.md, before:

---
title: Tournaments
description: Free online brackets held in the Rivals Academy Discord and its sister server, Rivals Recess
layout: tournaments

roaa:
- name: Rivals Amateur Series
  day: Thursdays
  time: 8:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://msb.challonge.com/
  description: 
- name: Rivals Amateur Series (EU)
  day: Saturdays
  time: 8:30 PM CEST
  freq: weekly
  link: https://euras.challonge.com/
  description:
- name: Go to School
  day: Wednesdays
  time: 8:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://start.gg/gts
  description:

rrc:
- name: Rivals Recess Circuit
  day: Sundays
  time: 7:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://rivalsrecess.challonge.com/
  description:
- name: SSSS
  day: Tuesdays
  time: 8:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://start.gg/s4
  description:
- name: Title Match
  day: Fridays
  time: 8:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://rivalsrecess.challonge.com/
  description:
- name: The Kingpin
  day: Saturdays
  time: 4:00 PM ET
  freq: monthly
  link: https://start.gg/thekingpin
  description:
---

Commit message:

style tournaments page + add bracket descriptions

content/tournaments.md, after:

---
title: Tournaments
description: Free online brackets held in the Rivals Academy Discord and our sister server, Rivals Recess
layout: tournaments

roaa:
- name: Rivals Amateur Series
  day: Thursdays
  time: 8:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://msb.challonge.com/
  description: The community's most longstanding amateur bracket, in which each week's winner "graduates" and is banned from future RAS events, seen as a rite of passage.
- name: Rivals Amateur Series (EU)
  day: Saturdays
  time: 8:30 PM CEST
  freq: weekly
  link: https://euras.challonge.com/
  description: Europe's take on the RAS format, with a seasonal ban format for three-time winners. Joining the [EU Rivals Discord](https://bit.ly/eurivals-discordapp) is required to enter this event.
- name: Go to School
  day: Wednesdays
  time: 8:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://start.gg/gts
  description: Adopted from the long-running "Go-to-Sleep" tournament series, GTS is Academy's weekly open bracket open to all skill levels. Enter to compete with Rivals' best.

rrc:
- name: Rivals Recess Circuit
  day: Sundays
  time: 7:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://rivalsrecess.challonge.com/
  description: Amateur bracket with a skill cap slightly below RAS's, a seasonal structure + invitational, and round robin pools giving everyone a chance to squeeze in many sets.
- name: SSSS
  day: Tuesdays
  time: 8:00 PM ET
  freq: weekly
  link: https://rivalsrecess.challonge.com/
  description: Recess' weekly open bracket, with a substantial amount of top level representation and making up the bulk of Rivals' active online scene alongside GTS.
- name: The Kingpin
  day: Saturdays
  time: 4:00 PM ET
  freq: monthly
  link: https://start.gg/thekingpin
  description: Monthly open series boasting the largest prize pots, entrant counts, stakes, and prestige. Features an extended stream to cover the action.
---
