content/library/glossary.md, before:

---
title: Glossary
description: Frame data, knockback, and character terminology.
authors:
- Sector 7-G
---

## Effective Weight

### Knockback Adjust

The standard "weight" stat. Dictates how far a move hits a character by functioning as a multiplier in the knockback formula.

{{< library/cast-comparison knockbackAdjustment >}}

### Air Friction

Affects horizontal speed and mitigates knockback horizontally during hitstun (slows movement through the air after a hit). Also affects Drift DI. Higher stat = better horizontal survivability.

{{< library/cast-comparison airFriction "Measured in pixels per frame per frame (Unconfirmed)" >}}

### Hitstun Gravity Accel

Speed characters accelerate downwards due to gravity while in hitstun. Higher stat = better survivability off the top, worse low % survivability off the bottom (before [Max Fall Speed](#max-fall-speed) is reached).

{{< library/cast-comparison hitstunGravityAccel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

### Max Fall Speed

Maximum fall speed without fastfall. Can be superceded by knockback, at which point [Hitstun Gravity Accel](#hitstun-gravity-accel) stops increasing speed.

{{< library/cast-comparison maxFallSpeed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

## Grounded Movement

### Initial Dash / Run

> Upon initiating a dash (for >1 frame), characters will first be locked into [Initial Dash](#initial-dash-time). Initial dash's full duration will play out even if the movement stick/key is released, unless the dash is cancelled by jump, dash attack, parry, a special attack, or a dash in the opposite direction ("Dash Dancing").

> If the dash is simply continued, characters will enter [Run](#run-speed). Inputting the opposite direction while running instead results in a [Run Turn](#run-turn-time). Run can also be cancelled with crouch, or simply [stopped](#run-stop-time) by releasing the movement stick/key.

#### Initial Dash Time
	
Number of frames a character's initial dash lasts.

{{< library/cast-comparison initialDash.time >}}

#### Initial Dash Speed

Initial speed when starting a dash.

{{< library/cast-comparison initialDash.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Run Speed

Constant run velocity after initial dash.

{{< library/cast-comparison run.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Run Stop Time

Number of frames the run stop animation lasts after ending a run.

{{< library/cast-comparison run.stop.time >}}

#### Run Turn Time

Number of frames it takes each character to turn out of run.

{{< library/cast-comparison run.turn.time >}}

#### Run Turn Accel

Slows characters down during turn around in run. 

{{< library/cast-comparison run.turn.accel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

### Walk

#### Walk Speed

Maximum velocity when walking.

{{< library/cast-comparison walk.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Walk Acceleration

Acceleration when beginning to walk.

{{< library/cast-comparison walk.accel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

#### Walk Turn Time

> Each character has a universal 6 frame walk turn animation.

### Ground Friction

How much characters slow down at any point on the ground.

{{< library/cast-comparison groundFriction "Measured in pixels per frame per frame (Unconfirmed)" >}}

### Waveland

#### Waveland Time

Number of frames characters slide in the waveland animation.

{{< library/cast-comparison waveland.time >}}

#### Waveland Friction

Replaces [Ground Friction](#ground-friction) during wavelands.

{{< library/cast-comparison waveland.friction >}}

## Aerial Movement

### Air Acceleration

A character's aerial drift when holding left/right in the air while not in hitstun.

{{< library/cast-comparison airAccel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

### Max Air Speed

Maximum horizontal speed in the air while not in hitstun. Can be superceded by [Max Jump Horizontal Speed](#max-jump-horizontal-speed).

{{< library/cast-comparison maxAirSpeed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Max Jump Horizontal Speed

Maximum horizontal speed maintained when going from a grounded to aerial state. Can be faster than [Max Air Speed](#max-air-speed) stat. For example: Maypul has air speed {{< library/stat maypul maxAirSpeed >}}, but max jump horizontal speed {{< library/stat maypul maxJumpHorizontalSpeed >}}, so she can get off stage faster than she can get back.

{{< library/cast-comparison maxJumpHorizontalSpeed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

### Fullhop / Shorthop

#### Jumpsquat

> When jumping off the ground, each character undergoes a universal 5 frame "Jumpsquat" animation before actually leaving the ground. Holding jump for these full 5 frames results in a [Fullhop](#fullhop-speed), while releasing jump sooner results in a [Shorthop](#shorthop-speed).

#### Shorthop Speed
	
Starting vertical velocity for a shorthop. Velocity goes down due to [Gravity Acceleration](#gravity-acceleration).

{{< library/cast-comparison shorthop.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Fullhop Speed
	
Starting vertical velocity for a fullhop. Velocity goes down due to [Gravity Acceleration](#gravity-acceleration).

{{< library/cast-comparison fullhop.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

> Ranno's Super Jump, performed by crouching into a fullhop, has a starting vertical velocity of {{< library/stat ranno superJump.speed >}}.

### Double Jump Speed
	
Starting vertical velocity for a double jump. Velocity goes down due to [Gravity Acceleration](#gravity-acceleration).

{{< library/cast-comparison doubleJump.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

> Absa's {{< library/stat absa doubleJump.speed >}} value means she dips during the start of her double jump. She has a separate, unique Double Jump Acceleration stat with a value of {{< library/stat absa doubleJump.accel >}} pixels per frame per frame which accelerates her upwards.

### Gravity Acceleration

Speed characters accelerate downwards due to gravity while not in hitstun, until [Max Fall Speed](#max-fall-speed) is reached.

{{< library/cast-comparison gravityAccel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

### Fastfall Speed

Fall speed in fastfall.

{{< library/cast-comparison fastfallSpeed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

### Land Time

Default amount of landing lag frames. 

{{< library/cast-comparison landTime >}}

### Walljump

#### Vertical Walljump Speed
	
Starting vertical velocity for a walljump.

{{< library/cast-comparison walljump.speed.vertical "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Horizontal Walljump Speed
	
Starting horizontal velocity for a walljump.

{{< library/cast-comparison walljump.speed.horizontal "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Wallcling

> Maypul and Ori are able to wallcling, holding their position on the wall for up to 60 frames before walljumping.

### Pratfall

#### Pratfall Acceleration

Multiplier to [Air Acceleration](#air-acceleration) that restricts horizontal control during prat/special/free fall.

{{< library/cast-comparison pratfall.accel >}}

#### Pratfall Land Time

Number of frames characters are unable to act after landing from prat/special/free fall.

{{< library/cast-comparison pratfall.landTime >}}

#### TODO:
> Match char pages and yaml data files to this ordering as final step

Commit message:

actually add triple/quadruple jumps to glossary

content/library/glossary.md, after:

---
title: Glossary
description: Frame data, knockback, and character terminology.
authors:
- Sector 7-G
---

## Effective Weight

### Knockback Adjust

The standard "weight" stat. Dictates how far a move hits a character by functioning as a multiplier in the knockback formula.

{{< library/cast-comparison knockbackAdjustment >}}

### Air Friction

Affects horizontal speed and mitigates knockback horizontally during hitstun (slows movement through the air after a hit). Also affects Drift DI. Higher stat = better horizontal survivability.

{{< library/cast-comparison airFriction "Measured in pixels per frame per frame (Unconfirmed)" >}}

### Hitstun Gravity Accel

Speed characters accelerate downwards due to gravity while in hitstun. Higher stat = better survivability off the top, worse low % survivability off the bottom (before [Max Fall Speed](#max-fall-speed) is reached).

{{< library/cast-comparison hitstunGravityAccel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

### Max Fall Speed

Maximum fall speed without fastfall. Can be superceded by knockback, at which point [Hitstun Gravity Accel](#hitstun-gravity-accel) stops increasing speed.

{{< library/cast-comparison maxFallSpeed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

## Grounded Movement

### Initial Dash / Run

> Upon initiating a dash (for >1 frame), characters will first be locked into [Initial Dash](#initial-dash-time). Initial dash's full duration will play out even if the movement stick/key is released, unless the dash is cancelled by jump, dash attack, parry, a special attack, or a dash in the opposite direction ("Dash Dancing").

> If the dash is simply continued, characters will enter [Run](#run-speed). Inputting the opposite direction while running instead results in a [Run Turn](#run-turn-time). Run can also be cancelled with crouch, or simply [stopped](#run-stop-time) by releasing the movement stick/key.

#### Initial Dash Time
	
Number of frames a character's initial dash lasts.

{{< library/cast-comparison initialDash.time >}}

#### Initial Dash Speed

Initial speed when starting a dash.

{{< library/cast-comparison initialDash.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Run Speed

Constant run velocity after initial dash.

{{< library/cast-comparison run.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Run Stop Time

Number of frames the run stop animation lasts after ending a run.

{{< library/cast-comparison run.stop.time >}}

#### Run Turn Time

Number of frames it takes each character to turn out of run.

{{< library/cast-comparison run.turn.time >}}

#### Run Turn Accel

Slows characters down during turn around in run. 

{{< library/cast-comparison run.turn.accel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

### Walk

#### Walk Speed

Maximum velocity when walking.

{{< library/cast-comparison walk.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Walk Acceleration

Acceleration when beginning to walk.

{{< library/cast-comparison walk.accel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

#### Walk Turn Time

> Each character has a universal 6 frame walk turn animation.

### Ground Friction

How much characters slow down at any point on the ground.

{{< library/cast-comparison groundFriction "Measured in pixels per frame per frame (Unconfirmed)" >}}

### Waveland

#### Waveland Time

Number of frames characters slide in the waveland animation.

{{< library/cast-comparison waveland.time >}}

#### Waveland Friction

Replaces [Ground Friction](#ground-friction) during wavelands.

{{< library/cast-comparison waveland.friction >}}

## Aerial Movement

### Air Acceleration

A character's aerial drift when holding left/right in the air while not in hitstun.

{{< library/cast-comparison airAccel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

### Max Air Speed

Maximum horizontal speed in the air while not in hitstun. Can be superceded by [Max Jump Horizontal Speed](#max-jump-horizontal-speed).

{{< library/cast-comparison maxAirSpeed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Max Jump Horizontal Speed

Maximum horizontal speed maintained when going from a grounded to aerial state. Can be faster than [Max Air Speed](#max-air-speed) stat. For example: Maypul has air speed {{< library/stat maypul maxAirSpeed >}}, but max jump horizontal speed {{< library/stat maypul maxJumpHorizontalSpeed >}}, so she can get off stage faster than she can get back.

{{< library/cast-comparison maxJumpHorizontalSpeed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

### Fullhop / Shorthop

#### Jumpsquat

> When jumping off the ground, each character undergoes a universal 5 frame "Jumpsquat" animation before actually leaving the ground. Holding jump for these full 5 frames results in a [Fullhop](#fullhop-speed), while releasing jump sooner results in a [Shorthop](#shorthop-speed).

#### Shorthop Speed
	
Starting vertical velocity for a shorthop. Velocity goes down due to [Gravity Acceleration](#gravity-acceleration).

{{< library/cast-comparison shorthop.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Fullhop Speed
	
Starting vertical velocity for a fullhop. Velocity goes down due to [Gravity Acceleration](#gravity-acceleration).

{{< library/cast-comparison fullhop.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

> Ranno's Super Jump, performed by crouching into a fullhop, has a starting vertical velocity of {{< library/stat ranno superJump.speed >}}.

### Double Jump Speed
	
Starting vertical velocity for a double jump. Velocity goes down due to [Gravity Acceleration](#gravity-acceleration).

{{< library/cast-comparison doubleJump.speed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

> Absa's {{< library/stat absa doubleJump.speed >}} value means she dips during the start of her double jump. She has a separate, unique Double Jump Acceleration stat with a value of {{< library/stat absa doubleJump.accel >}} pixels per frame per frame which accelerates her upwards.

> Wrastor's triple and quadruple jumps have starting vertical velocities of {{< library/stat wrastor tripleJump.speed >}} and {{< library/stat wrastor quadrupleJump.speed >}}, respectively. Mollo's triple jump has a speed of {{< library/stat mollo tripleJump.speed >}}.

### Gravity Acceleration

Speed characters accelerate downwards due to gravity while not in hitstun, until [Max Fall Speed](#max-fall-speed) is reached.

{{< library/cast-comparison gravityAccel "Measured in pixels per frame per frame" >}}

### Fastfall Speed

Fall speed in fastfall.

{{< library/cast-comparison fastfallSpeed "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

### Land Time

Default amount of landing lag frames. 

{{< library/cast-comparison landTime >}}

### Walljump

#### Vertical Walljump Speed
	
Starting vertical velocity for a walljump.

{{< library/cast-comparison walljump.speed.vertical "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Horizontal Walljump Speed
	
Starting horizontal velocity for a walljump.

{{< library/cast-comparison walljump.speed.horizontal "Measured in pixels per frame" >}}

#### Wallcling

> Maypul and Ori are able to wallcling, holding their position on the wall for up to {{< library/stat maypul wallcling.max >}} frames before walljumping.

### Pratfall

#### Pratfall Acceleration

Multiplier to [Air Acceleration](#air-acceleration) that restricts horizontal control during prat/special/free fall.

{{< library/cast-comparison pratfall.accel >}}

#### Pratfall Land Time

Number of frames characters are unable to act after landing from prat/special/free fall.

{{< library/cast-comparison pratfall.landTime >}}

#### TODO:
> Match char pages and yaml data files to this ordering as final step
