content/library/stages.md, before:

---
title: Stages
description: Stage, platform, and blastzone size data
authors:
- Sector 7-G
outputs:
- html
- data
---

## Stage Comparisons
### Stage Width
{{< library/stage-comparison stageWidth "Width of the main stage ground, measured in pixels" >}}
### Top Blastzone
{{< library/stage-comparison blastzones.top "Distance from ground to top blastzone, measured in pixels" >}}
### Side Blastzones
{{< library/stage-comparison blastzones.side "Distance from ledge to side blastzone, measured in pixels" >}}
### Bottom Blastzone
{{< library/stage-comparison blastzones.bottom "Distance from ledge to bottom blastzone, measured in pixels" >}}

## Stage Details
### Fire Capital
{{< library/stage-details fireCapital >}}
### Air Armada
{{< library/stage-details airArmada >}}
### The Rock Wall
{{< library/stage-details rockWall >}}
### Merchant Port
{{< library/stage-details merchantPort >}}
### Treetop Lodge
{{< library/stage-details treetopLodge >}}
#### Treetop Lodge (Doubles)
{{< library/stage-details treetopLodge.doubles >}}
### Blazing Hideout
{{< library/stage-details blazingHideout >}}
### Tempest Peak
{{< library/stage-details tempestPeak >}}
### Frozen Fortress
{{< library/stage-details frozenFortress >}}
### Tower of Heaven
{{< library/stage-details towerOfHeaven >}}
### Aethereal Gates
{{< library/stage-details aetherealGates >}}
### The Endless Abyss
{{< library/stage-details endlessAbyss >}}
### The Spirit Tree
{{< library/stage-details spiritTree >}}
### The Forest Floor
{{< library/stage-details forestFloor >}}
#### The Forest Floor (Doubles)
{{< library/stage-details forestFloor.doubles >}}
### Julesvale
{{< library/stage-details julesvale >}}
### Troupple Pond
{{< library/stage-details troupplePond >}}

Commit message:

add links and units note to stages pages

content/library/stages.md, after:

---
title: Stages
description: Stage, platform, and blastzone size data
authors:
- Sector 7-G
outputs:
- html
- data
---

> Rivals of Aether runs natively at 512×960px resolution. Throughout this document and site, we use these pixels as units of distance.

## Stage Comparisons
### Stage Width
{{< library/stage-comparison stageWidth "Width of the main stage ground, measured in pixels" >}}
### Top Blastzone
{{< library/stage-comparison blastzones.top "Distance from ground to top blastzone, measured in pixels" >}}
### Side Blastzones
{{< library/stage-comparison blastzones.side "Distance from ledge to side blastzone, measured in pixels" >}}
### Bottom Blastzone
{{< library/stage-comparison blastzones.bottom "Distance from ledge to bottom blastzone, measured in pixels" >}}

## Stage Details
### Fire Capital
{{< library/stage-details fireCapital >}}
### Air Armada
{{< library/stage-details airArmada >}}
### The Rock Wall
{{< library/stage-details rockWall >}}
### Merchant Port
{{< library/stage-details merchantPort >}}
### Treetop Lodge
{{< library/stage-details treetopLodge >}}
#### Treetop Lodge (Doubles)
{{< library/stage-details treetopLodge.doubles >}}
### Blazing Hideout
{{< library/stage-details blazingHideout >}}
### Tempest Peak
{{< library/stage-details tempestPeak >}}
### Frozen Fortress
{{< library/stage-details frozenFortress >}}
### Tower of Heaven
{{< library/stage-details towerOfHeaven >}}
### Aethereal Gates
{{< library/stage-details aetherealGates >}}
### The Endless Abyss
{{< library/stage-details endlessAbyss >}}
### The Spirit Tree
{{< library/stage-details spiritTree >}}
### The Forest Floor
{{< library/stage-details forestFloor >}}
#### The Forest Floor (Doubles)
{{< library/stage-details forestFloor.doubles >}}
### Julesvale
{{< library/stage-details julesvale >}}
### Troupple Pond
{{< library/stage-details troupplePond >}}
